October 16,2019

Subject: Cybersecurity Policy in the US House of Representatives

Congressman Davis,
I am writing to first thank you for all the occasions where you’ve stepped up on social media to address
the concerns of your constituency. Your district has quite a few technologists like myself that really
appreciate a Congressman who uses social media in a far more productive professional way than our
nation’s executive branch is at this time!

Earlier this year I attended a cybersecurity conference known as DEFCON, which featured a talk entitled
“Hacking Congress”. A few members of the US House of Representatives that take cybersecurity very
seriously led this talk, including Congressman Ted Lieu. He spoke about writing any elected
representative in your municipality, asking what their stance is on cybersecurity, and offering up our
cybersecurity knowledge if possible. As a former US Marine Corps Reserve Data Chief, I very much
enjoyed that talk, but never got around to writing anyone in the government.

I didn’t think much about that talk until attending a chapter meeting of Chicago Cybersecurity Non-profit
(https://www.cybersecuritynp.org/chicago/) last night. One of the presentations was on the impacts of
ransomware, and quite a bit of discussion was had about local municipalities struggling with this, such as
the Atlanta attacks described at https://www.city-journal.org/ransomware-attacks-against-cities. The
presentation made me reconsider Rep. Lieu’s call to write local officials about cybersecurity policy, so I
decided to draft up this letter and ask what your thoughts are on the house’s policies towards
Cybersecurity?

Congressman Lieu specifically mentioned that any letter written by anyone in the audience would likely
be looked at by some staffers, and to not get our hopes up about actually getting to chat with an elected
official about cybersecurity. That being said, if anyone working in your office ever wants to chat about
cybersecurity, please let me know! Thank you for your time reading this letter, and appreciate all you’ve
done to make the seventh district a great place to call home.

Sincerely,

Tom Costello
